Add the new getting started content (#10596)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/new-to-posthog/activation.mdx

Activation looks different for every product. It can be expressed as a quantity of events, or even as a composite of multiple events.

<Admonition icon="IconPencil" title="Activation planning">

Let's think about activation for our product. What event or events correspond to seriously *getting* what we do and cementing why a customer would want to keep using us?

Which events tracked in PostHog correspond to activation? Do we need to track more?

</Admonition>

## Tracking activation

With the product emitting events we need to measure activation, we can create a new **insight** to provide ongoing measurement and reporting.  

![funnel](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/funnel_aa53c78746.png)

One good way to start is to use a **funnel**. This will show you progression from the total population of users – people who have logged in, say – toward the events that represent your activation. You'll see the percentage of dropoff for each step, and this will give you something to chip away at with your product design.

Each step in a funnel can be finely constrained using filters, so you're measuring exactly the behavior that you described in the above worksheet.

> Learn more: [Funnel documentation](/docs/product-analytics/funnels).
> 
> Once your funnel is created, add it to your project's [dashboard](/docs/product-analytics/dashboards). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read our [Funnel documentation](/docs/product-analytics/funnels) for more on building funnel insights. 

Once your funnel is created, add it to your project's [dashboard](/docs/product-analytics/dashboards) alongside insights tracking the events that influence your North star metric.
```

### Advanced activation tracking

A more complex activation sequence – where the intermediate steps could happen in any order – may need a custom query. This post [on how we found our activation metric](product-engineers/activation-metrics) walks through the thinking and queries behind this approach.

## Next steps

With event data ingesting reliably into PostHog, and a clear sense of your activation criteria now reporting for your team, it's time to think about **retention**: how many of your users *continue using your product.*

### Additional reading

- [Ian's activation crash course newsletter]  

> - [Experiments](/experiments): test out product variations and measure the results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Advanced activation tracking

- A more complex activation sequence – where the intermediate steps could happen in any order – may need a custom query. This post [on how we found our activation metric](product-engineers/activation-metrics) walks through the thinking and queries behind this approach.

- Our [newsletter on activation metrics](/newsletter/wtf-is-activation) goes deeper into why you should care about activation, and the different factors you should consider when choosing your activation metric.

## Next steps

With event data ingesting reliably into PostHog, and a clear sense of your activation criteria now reporting for your team, it's time to [think about retention](/docs/new-to-posthog/retention: how many of your users *continue using your product.*

Reviewer: Also, should each section end on a next steps point like this? This is the only one that has this, but I think it helps reinforce that each section leads into the next.
